
cls

echo OUTPUT > out.txt
ninja dbgeng -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja dbghelp -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja initpki -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja inseng -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja iphlpapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja itircl -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja jsproxy -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja loadperf -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja lsasrv -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja mmdevapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja mmdrv -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja modemui -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja mpr -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja mprapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msafd -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja mscat32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja mscms -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja mscoree -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msctf -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msftedit -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msimg32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msimtf -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msisip -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msnet32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msports -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja mssign32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja mssip32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msvfw32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msvidc32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja mswsock -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja msxml3 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja nddeapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja netcfgx -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja netid -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja newdev -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja npptools -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja ntdsapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja ntlanman -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja ntmarta -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja objsel -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja odbc32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja odbccp32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja ole32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja oleacc -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja oleaut32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja olecli32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja oledlg -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja olepro32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja olesvr32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja olethk32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja pdh -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja pidgen -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja powrprof -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja profmap -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja propsys -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja psapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja pstorec -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja qmgr -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja qmgrprxy -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja query -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja rasadhlp -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja rasapi32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja rasdlg -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja rasman -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja regapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja resutils -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja riched20 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja riched32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja rpcrt4 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja rsabase -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja rsaenh -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja samlib -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja samsrv -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja sccbase -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja schannel -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja scrrun -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja secur32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja sensapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja setupapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja sfc -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja sfc_os -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja sfcfiles -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja shdoclc -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja shdocvw -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja shell32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja shfolder -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja shimgvw -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja shlwapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja slbcsp -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja sndblst -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja snmpapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja srclient -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja sti -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja storprop -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja streamci -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja sxs -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja syssetup -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja t2embed -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja traffic -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja updspapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja url -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja urlmon -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja userenv -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja usp10 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja uxtheme -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja vbscript -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja verifier -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja version -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja vssapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wbemdisp -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wbemprox -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wdmaud.drv -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja windowscodecs -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja windowscodecsext -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja winfax -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja winhttp -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wininet -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja winmm -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja midimap -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja winscard -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja winsta -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wintrust -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wlanapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wldap32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wlnotify -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wmiutils -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wmvcore -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja ws2_32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja ws2help -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wshirda -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wshom.ocx -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wshtcpip -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wsock32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wtsapi32 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja wuapi -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja xinput1_3 -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja xmllite -k 0 >> out.txt
ninja xolehlp -k 0 >> out.txt
