
git add dll/win32/dbgeng/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/dbghelp/CMakeLists.txt


git add dll/win32/initpki/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/inseng/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/iphlpapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/itircl/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/jsproxy/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/loadperf/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/lsasrv/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/mmdevapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/mmdrv/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/modemui/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/mpr/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/mprapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/msafd/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/mscat32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/mscms/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/mscoree/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/msctf/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/msftedit/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/msi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/msimg32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/msimtf/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/msisip/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/msnet32/CMakeLists.txt

git add dll/win32/msports/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/mssign32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/mssip32/CMakeLists.txt

git add dll/win32/msvfw32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/msvidc32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/mswsock/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/msxml3/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/nddeapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/netcfgx/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/netid/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/newdev/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/npptools/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/ntdsapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/ntlanman/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/ntmarta/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/objsel/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/odbc32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/odbccp32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/ole32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/oleacc/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/oleaut32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/olecli32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/oledlg/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/olepro32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/olesvr32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/olethk32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/pdh/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/pidgen/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/powrprof/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/profmap/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/propsys/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/psapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/pstorec/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/qmgr/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/qmgrprxy/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/query/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/rasadhlp/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/rasapi32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/rasdlg/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/rasman/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/regapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/resutils/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/riched20/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/riched32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/rpcrt4/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/rsabase/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/rsaenh/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/samlib/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/samsrv/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/sccbase/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/schannel/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/scrrun/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/secur32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/sensapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/setupapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/sfc/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/sfc_os/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/sfcfiles/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/shdoclc/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/shdocvw/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/shell32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/shfolder/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/shimgvw/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/shlwapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/slbcsp/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/sndblst/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/snmpapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/srclient/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/sti/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/storprop/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/streamci/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/sxs/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/syssetup/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/t2embed/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/traffic/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/updspapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/url/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/urlmon/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/userenv/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/usp10/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/uxtheme/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/vbscript/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/verifier/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/version/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/vssapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wbemdisp/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wbemprox/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wdmaud.drv/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/windowscodecs/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/windowscodecsext/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/winfax/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/winhttp/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wininet/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/winmm/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/winmm/midimap/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/winscard/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/winsta/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wintrust/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wlanapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wldap32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wlnotify/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wmiutils/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wmvcore/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/ws2_32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/ws2help/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wshirda/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wshom.ocx/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wshtcpip/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wsock32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wtsapi32/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/wuapi/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/xinput1_3/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/xmllite/CMakeLists.txt
git add dll/win32/xolehlp/CMakeLists.txt
